https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/modules/configure-network-for-azure-virtual-machines/7-knowledge-check-azure-expressroute

**Knowledge check**

3 minutes

**Check your knowledge**
1. You need to connect Azure resources like Azure virtual machines across geographical regions. Which Azure networking option should you use?

Azure ExpressRoute

VPN Gateway

* Virtual network peering - Use virtual network peering to connect virtual networks to each other so resources in either virtual network can communicate with each other. The virtual networks you connect can be in different Azure regions.

2. For a point-to-site Azure VPN gateway, what are the key parameters that you must specify when you create it?

Gateway type is Vpn and vpn type is RouteBased.

* Gateway type is Vpn, vpn type is RouteBased, and you need to specify a gateway sku. - Use the PowerShell cmdlet 'New-AzVirtualNetworkGateway' where you use parameters '-GatewayType Vpn' and '-VpnType RouteBased'. Also set the '-GatewaySku' to the SKU that meets your organization's network requirements.

Subnet is GatewaySubnet and gateway type is Vpn

3. Which peering configuration would you use for your Express route circuit where you need to allow direct connections to Azure compute resources?

Azure Virtual Network peering

* Azure private peering - Azure private peering lets you directly connect to virtual machines and cloud services on their private IP addresses.

Microsoft peering

4. Which protocol provides dynamic routing for Azure ExpressRoute?

IPVPN

* Border Gateway Protocol (BGP) - Border Gateway Protocol is an industry-standard dynamic routing protocol that can exchange routes between your on-premises network, your instances in Azure, and Microsoft public addresses.

S-key

Next unit: Summary
