https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/modules/azure-compute-fundamentals/knowledge-check

Knowledge check

3 minutes

Choose the best response for each question. Then select Check your answers.

Check your knowledge
1. Which Azure compute resource can be deployed to manage a set of identical virtual machines?

Virtual machine availability sets

Virtual machine availability zones

* Virtual machine scale sets
That's correct. Virtual machine scale sets let you deploy and manage a set of identical virtual machines.

2. Which of the following services should be used when the primary concern is to perform work in response to an event (often via a REST command) that needs a response in a few seconds?

* Azure Functions
That's correct. Azure Functions is used when you need to perform work in response to an event (often via a REST request), timer, or message from another Azure service, and when that work can be completed quickly, within seconds or less.

Azure App Service

Azure Container Instances

3. Your company has a team of remote workers that need to use Windows-based software to develop your company's applications, but your team members are using various operating systems like MacOS, Linux, and Windows. Which Azure compute service would help resolve this scenario?

Azure App Service

* Windows Virtual Desktop
That's correct. Windows Virtual Desktop enables your team members to run Windows in the cloud, with access to the required applications for your company's needs.

Azure Container Instances

Next unit: Summary
