https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/modules/improve-app-scalability-resiliency-with-load-balancer/4-exercise-configure-public-load-balancer?pivots=bash

Exercise - Configure a public load balancer

10 minutes

This module requires a sandbox to complete. You have used 3 of 10 sandboxes for today. More sandboxes will be available tomorrow.

Activate sandbox
Choose your shell

Bash

PowerShell

Azure portal

You can configure Azure Load Balancer by using the Azure portal, PowerShell, or the Azure CLI.

In your healthcare organization, you want to load-balance client traffic to provide a consistent response based on the health of the patient portal web servers. You have two virtual machines in an availability set to act as your healthcare portal web application.

Here, you will create a load balancer resource and use it to distribute a load across the virtual machines.


**Deploy the patient portal web application**

First, deploy your patient portal application across two virtual machines in a single availability set. To save time, let's start by running a script to create this application. The script will:
* Create a virtual network and network infrastructure for the virtual machines.
* Create two virtual machines in this virtual network.

To deploy the patient portal web application:
1. Run the following git clone command in Azure Cloud Shell. The command clones the repo that contains the source for the app and runs the setup script from GitHub. You then change to the directory of the cloned repo.

        Bash

        Copy
        git clone https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/mslearn-improve-app-scalability-resiliency-with-load-balancer.git
        cd mslearn-improve-app-scalability-resiliency-with-load-balancer

2. As its name suggests, this script generates two virtual machines in a single availability set. The script takes about two minutes to run.

        Bash

        Copy
        bash create-high-availability-vm-with-sets.sh [sandbox resource group name]

3.  When the script finishes, on the Azure portal menu or from the Home page, select Resource groups, then select the [sandbox resource group name] resource group. Review the resources that were created by the script.


**Create a load balancer**

Let's use the Azure CLI to create the load balancer and its associated resources.

1. Create a new public IP address.
        
        Azure CLI

        Copy
        az network public-ip create \
          --resource-group [sandbox resource group name] \
          --allocation-method Static \
          --name myPublicIP
2. Create the load balancer.

        Azure CLI

        Copy
        az network lb create \
          --resource-group [sandbox resource group name] \
          --name myLoadBalancer \
          --public-ip-address myPublicIP \
          --frontend-ip-name myFrontEndPool \
          --backend-pool-name myBackEndPool

3. To allow the load balancer to monitor the status of the healthcare portal, create a health probe. The health probe dynamically adds or removes virtual machines from the load balancer rotation based on their response to health checks.

        Azure CLI

        Copy
        az network lb probe create \
          --resource-group [sandbox resource group name] \
          --lb-name myLoadBalancer \
          --name myHealthProbe \
          --protocol tcp \
          --port 80  

4. Now you need a load balancer rule that's used to define how traffic is distributed to the virtual machines. You define the front-end IP configuration for the incoming traffic and the back-end IP pool to receive the traffic, along with the required source and destination port. To make sure only healthy virtual machines receive traffic, you also define the health probe to use.

        Azure CLI

        Copy
        az network lb rule create \
          --resource-group [sandbox resource group name] \
          --lb-name myLoadBalancer \
          --name myHTTPRule \
          --protocol tcp \
          --frontend-port 80 \
          --backend-port 80 \
          --frontend-ip-name myFrontEndPool \
          --backend-pool-name myBackEndPool \
          --probe-name myHealthProbe

5. Connect the virtual machines to the back-end pool by updating the network interfaces you created in the script to use the back-end pool information.

        Azure CLI

        Copy
        az network nic ip-config update \
          --resource-group [sandbox resource group name] \
          --nic-name webNic1 \
          --name ipconfig1 \
          --lb-name myLoadBalancer \
          --lb-address-pools myBackEndPool

        az network nic ip-config update \
          --resource-group [sandbox resource group name] \
          --nic-name webNic2 \
          --name ipconfig1 \
          --lb-name myLoadBalancer \
          --lb-address-pools myBackEndPool
          
6. Run the following command to get the public IP address of the load balancer and the URL for your website.

        Azure CLI

        Copy
        echo http://$(az network public-ip show \
                        --resource-group [sandbox resource group name] \
                        --name myPublicIP \
                        --query ipAddress \
                        --output tsv)

**Test the load balancer configuration**

Let's test the load balancer setup to show how it can handle availability and health issues dynamically.
1. In a new browser tab, go to the public IP address that you noted. You'll see that the response is returned from one of the virtual machines.
2. Try a "force refresh" by pressing Ctrl+F5 a few times to see that the response is returned randomly from both virtual machines.
3. On the Azure portal menu or from the Home page, select All resources. Then select webVM1 > Stop.
4. Return to the tab that shows the website and force a refresh of the webpage. All requests are returned from webVM2.

Next unit: Internal load balancer
