https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/modules/examine-privacy-compliance-data-protection-standards/8-knowledge-check

**Knowledge check**

3 minutes

Consider the following scenario. Then choose the best response for each question that follows, and select Check your answers.
At Tailwind Traders, the legal and IT departments want to better understand how Microsoft handles personal data. They also want to better understand how Azure services can help them meet their compliance goals.
Their needs go beyond just Azure. For example, applications in their retail stores use Cortana to help store employees quickly locate items.

**Check your knowledge**

1. Where can the team access details about the personal data Microsoft processes and how the company processes it, including for Cortana?

* Microsoft Privacy Statement
    * The Microsoft Privacy Statement provides information that's relevant to specific services, including Cortana.

The Azure compliance documentation


Microsoft compliance offerings

2. Where can the legal team access information around how the Microsoft cloud helps them secure sensitive data and comply with applicable laws and regulations?

Microsoft Privacy Statement

* Trust Center
    * The Trust Center is a great resource for people in your organization who might play a role in security, privacy, and compliance.

Online Services Terms

3. Where can the IT department find reference blueprints that it can apply directly to its Azure subscriptions?

Online Services Terms

* Azure compliance documentation
    * The compliance documentation provides reference blueprints, or policy definitions, for common standards that you can apply to your Azure subscription.

Microsoft Privacy Statement

Next unit: Summary



