https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/modules/create-azure-storage-account/6-knowledge-check

**Knowledge check - Create a storage account**

3 minutes

**Check your knowledge**

1. Suppose you have two video files stored as blobs. One of the videos is business-critical and requires a replication policy that creates multiple copies across geographically diverse datacenters. The other video is non-critical, and a local replication policy is sufficient. Which of the following options would satisfy both data diversity and cost sensitivity consideration.

[ ] Create a single storage account that makes use of Local-redundant storage (LRS) and host both videos from here.

[ ] Create a single storage account that makes use of Geo-redundant storage (GRS) and host both videos from here.

[X] Create two storage accounts. The first account makes use of Geo-redundant storage (GRS) and hosts the business-critical video content. The second account makes use of Local-redundant storage (LRS) and hosts the non-critical video content.
* In general, increased diversity means an increased number of storage accounts. A storage account by itself has no financial cost. However, the settings you choose for the account do influence the cost of services in the account. Use multiple storage accounts to reduce costs.

2. The name of a storage account must be:

[ ] Unique within the containing resource group.

[ ] Unique within your Azure subscription.

[X] Globally unique.
* The storage account name is used as part of the URI for API access, so it must be globally unique.

3. In a typical project, when would you create your storage account(s)?

[X] At the beginning, during project setup.
* Storage accounts are stable for the lifetime of a project. It's common to create them at the start of a project.

[ ] After deployment, when the project is running.

[ ] At the end, during resource cleanup.

Check your answers
