https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/modules/azure-architecture-fundamentals/knowledge-check

Knowledge check

4 minutes

Choose the best response for each question. Then select Check your answers.
Check your knowledge
1. Which of the following can be used to manage governance across multiple Azure subscriptions?

Azure initiatives

* Management groups
That's correct. Management groups facilitate the hierarchical ordering of Azure resources into collections, at a level of scope above subscriptions. Distinct governance conditions can be applied to each management group, with Azure Policy and Azure role-based access controls, to manage Azure subscriptions effectively. The resources and subscriptions assigned to a management group automatically inherit the conditions applied to the management group.

Resource groups

2. Which of the following is a logical unit of Azure services that links to an Azure account?

* Azure subscription
That's correct. An Azure subscription is a logical unit of Azure services that links to an Azure account.

Management group

Resource group

3. Which of the following features doesn't apply to resource groups?

Resources can be in only one resource group.

Role-based access control can be applied to the resource group.

* Resource groups can be nested.
That's correct. Resource groups can't be nested.

4. Which of the following statements is a valid statement about an Azure subscription?

Using Azure doesn't require a subscription.

*An Azure subscription is a logical unit of Azure services.
That's correct. A subscription is a set of Azure services bundled together for tracking and billing purposes.

You can't have more than one subscription.

Next unit: Summary