https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/modules/azure-networking-fundamentals/knowledge-check

Knowledge check

4 minutes

Choose the best response for each question. Then select Check your answers.
Check your knowledge
1. Tailwind Traders wants to create a secure communication tunnel between its branch offices. Which of the following technologies can't be used?

Point-to-site virtual private network

* Implicit FTP over SSL
    FTP over SSL can't be used to create a secure communication tunnel.

Azure ExpressRoute

Site-to-site virtual private network

2. Tailwind Traders wants to use Azure ExpressRoute to connect its on-premises network to the Microsoft cloud. Which of the following choices isn't an ExpressRoute model that Tailwind Traders can use?

Any-to-any connection

* Site-to-site virtual private network
    A site-to-site virtual private network isn't an ExpressRoute model.

Point-to-point Ethernet connection


CloudExchange colocation

3. Which of the following options can you use to link virtual networks?

Network address translation

Multi-chassis link aggregation

Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol

* Virtual network peering
    Virtual network peering can be used to link virtual networks.


4. Which of the following options isn't a benefit of ExpressRoute?

Redundant connectivity

Consistent network throughput

* Encrypted network communication
    Correct. ExpressRoute does provide private connectivity, but it isn't encrypted.

Access to Microsoft cloud services


Next unit: Summary



