https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/modules/build-cloud-governance-strategy-azure/2-accelerate-cloud-adoption-framework


**Accelerate your cloud adoption journey by using the Cloud Adoption Framework for Azure**

3 minutes

The [Cloud Adoption Framework](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cloud-adoption-framework/) for Azure provides you with proven guidance to help with your cloud adoption journey. The Cloud Adoption Framework helps you create and implement the business and technology strategies needed to succeed in the cloud.

Tailwind Traders needs to control its cloud environment so that it complies with several industry standards, but it's not sure where to start. It has existing business requirements, and it understands how these requirements relate to its on-premises workloads. These requirements also must be met by any workloads it runs in the cloud.

You've been tasked with investigating what's available on Azure and to define and implement the governance strategy for Tailwind Traders. You decide to start with the Cloud Adoption Framework.

**What's in the Cloud Adoption Framework?**

The Cloud Adoption Framework consists of tools, documentation, and proven practices. The Cloud Adoption Framework includes these stages:
1. Define your strategy.
2. Make a plan.
3. Ready your organization.
4. Adopt the cloud.
5. Govern and manage your cloud environments.

A flow diagram showing the Cloud Adoption Framework stages: define strategy, plan, ready, adopt, and govern and manage.
[alt text](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/azure-fundamentals/build-cloud-governance-strategy-azure/media/2-framework-stages.png)

The govern stage focuses on cloud governance. You can refer back to the Cloud Adoption Framework for recommended guidance as you build your cloud governance strategy.

To help build your adoption strategy, the Cloud Adoption Framework breaks out each stage into further exercises and steps. Let's take a brief look at each stage.


**Define your strategy**

Here, you answer why you're moving to the cloud and what you want to get out of cloud migration. Do you need to scale to meet demand or reach new markets? Will it reduce costs or increase business agility?
Here are the steps in this stage.

1. 
**Define and document your motivations**: Meeting with stakeholders and leadership can help you answer why you're moving to the cloud.

2.   
**Document business outcomes**: Meet with leadership from your finance, marketing, sales, and human resource groups to help you document your goals.

3. 
**Develop a business case**: Validate that moving to the cloud gives you the right return on investment (ROI) for your efforts.

4. 
**Choose the right first project**: Choose a project that's achievable but also shows progress toward your cloud migration goals.


**Make a plan**

Here, you build a plan that maps your aspirational goals to specific actions. A good plan helps ensure that your efforts map to the desired business outcomes.

Here are the steps in this stage.

1. **Digital estate:** Create an inventory of the existing digital assets and workloads that you plan to migrate to the cloud.    


2. **Initial organizational alignment**: Ensure that the right people are involved in your migration efforts, both from a technical standpoint as well as from a cloud governance standpoint.    


3. **Skills readiness plan**: Build a plan that helps individuals build the skills they need to operate in the cloud.    


4. **Cloud adoption plan**: Build a comprehensive plan that brings together the development, operations, and business teams toward a shared cloud adoption goal.    

**Ready your organization**

Here, you create a <em>landing zone</em>, or an environment in the cloud to begin hosting your workloads.

Here are the steps in this stage.

1. 
**Azure setup guide**: Review the Azure setup guide to become familiar with the tools and approaches you need to use to create a landing zone.

2. 
**Azure landing zone**: Begin to build out the Azure subscriptions that support each of the major areas of your business. A landing zone includes cloud infrastructure as well as governance, accounting, and security capabilities.

3.    
**Expand the landing zone**: Refine your landing zone to ensure that it meets your operations, governance, and security needs.

4.    
**Best practices**: Start with recommended and proven practices to help ensure that your cloud migration efforts are scalable and maintainable.


**Adopt the cloud**

Here, you begin to migrate your applications to the cloud. Along the way, you might find ways to modernize your applications and build innovative solutions that use cloud services.

The Cloud Adoption Framework breaks this stage into two parts: migrate and innovate.
**Migrate:** Here are the steps in the migrate part of this stage.

**Migrate your first workload**: Use the Azure migration guide to deploy your first project to the cloud.    

1.
**Migration scenariosv: Use additional in-depth guides to explore more complex migration scenarios.    

2. 
**Best practices**: Check in with the Azure cloud migration best practices checklist to verify that you're following recommended practices.    

3. 
**Process improvements**: Identify ways to make the migration process scale while requiring less effort.    

4. 



**Innovate**: Here are the steps in the innovate part of this stage.

1.   
**Business value consensus**: Verify that investments in new innovations add value to the business and meet customer needs.

2. 
**Azure innovation guide**: Use this guide to accelerate development and build a minimum viable product (MVP) for your idea.

3. 
**Best practices**: Verify that your progress maps to recommended practices before you move forward.

4. 
**Feedback loops**: Check in frequently with your customers to verify that you're building what they need.



**Govern and manage your cloud environments**

Here, you begin to form your cloud governance and cloud management strategies. As the cloud estate changes over time, so do cloud governance processes and policies. You need to create resilient solutions that are constantly optimized.

**Govern**: Here are the steps in the govern part of this stage.

1. **Methodology**: Consider your end state solution. Then define a methodology that incrementally takes you from your first steps all the way to full cloud governance.    


2. **Benchmark**: Use the [governance benchmark tool](https://cafbaseline.com/) to assess your current state and future state to establish a vision for applying the framework.    

3. **Initial governance foundation**: Create an MVP that captures the first steps of your governance plan.    

4. **Improve the initial governance foundation**: Iteratively add governance controls that address tangible risks as you progress toward your end state solution.    



**Manage**: Here are the steps in the manage part of this stage.

1. **Establish a management baseline**: Define your minimum commitment to operations management. A management baseline is the minimum set of tools and processes that should be applied to every asset in an environment.

2. 
**Define business commitments**: Document supported workloads to establish operational commitments with the business and agree on cloud management investments for each workload.

3. 
**Expand the management baseline**: Apply recommended best practices to iterate on your initial management baseline.

4.  
**Advanced operations and design principles**: For workloads that require a higher level of business commitment, perform a deeper architecture review to deliver on your resiliency and reliability commitments.

**Next unit: Create a subscription governance strategy**

Continue
