httpsdocs.microsoft.comen-uslearnmodulesprotect-against-security-threats-azure5-manage-password-key-vault

Exercise - Manage a password in Azure Key Vault

5 minutes

This module requires a sandbox to complete. A sandbox gives you access to free resources. Your personal subscription will not be charged. The sandbox may only be used to complete training on Microsoft Learn. Use for any other reason is prohibited, and may result in permanent loss of access to the sandbox.

Activate sandbox

In this exercise, you add a password to Azure Key Vault. A password is an example of sensitive information that you need to protect. You then read the password from Azure Key Vault to verify that the password is accessible.

In practice, there are several ways to add secrets to and read secrets from Key Vault. You can use the Azure portal, the Azure CLI, or Azure PowerShell. By using your favorite programming language, your applications can also securely access the secrets that they need.

Here, you create a secret in Key Vault by using the Azure portal. You then access the secret from the portal and from the Azure CLI in Azure Cloud Shell.

The Azure CLI is a way to work with Azure resources from the command line or from scripts. Cloud Shell is a browser-based shell experience to manage and develop Azure resources. Think of Cloud Shell as an interactive console that runs in the cloud.


Create a key vault
1. Go to the Azure portal.
2. On the Azure portal menu or from the Home page, select Create a resource.
3. From the search bar, enter Key Vault, and then select Key Vault from the results.
4. On the Key Vault pane, select Create.
5. On the Create key vault pane, fill in these settings:
	 Note
	Replace NNN with a series of numbers. This helps ensure that the name of your key vault is unique.
Setting	 | Value
--------|-------
Subscription	|	Concierge Subscription
Resource group	|	[sandbox resource group name]
Key vault name	|	my-keyvault-NNN

Leave the other settings at their current values.

6. Select Review + create, and then select Create.

Wait for the creation process to finish.

7. Select Go to resource.
	Note some of the details about your key vault.
	For example, the Vault URI field shows the URI that your application can use to access your vault from the REST API.

Here's an example for a key vault that's named my-keyvault-321:
 
A screenshot of the Azure portal showing details about a key vault. It shows fields such as the parent resource group, location, and DNS name.

![alt text
(https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/azure-fundamentals/protect-against-security-threats-azure/media/5-portal-key-vault-overview.png)

9. As an optional step, under Settings, examine some of the other settings.

Although they're initially empty, here you'll find places where you can store keys, secrets, and certificates.
 
	Note
	Your Azure subscription is the only one that's authorized to access this vault. Under Settings, the Access policies section enables you to configure access to the vault.


Add a password to the key vault

1. Under Settings, select Secrets, and then select Generate/Import.
2. On the Create a secret pane, fill in these settings:
Setting		|	Value
Upload options	|		Manual
Name	|	MyPassword
Value	|	hVFkk96

Leave the other settings at their default values. Notice that you can specify properties such as the activation date and the expiration date. You can also disable access to the secret.
3. Select Create.


Show the password

Here, you access the password from Key Vault two times. First, you access it from the Azure portal. Then you access it from the Azure CLI.
1. From your Key Vault, select MyPassword.

You see that the current version is enabled.

2. Select the current version.

Under Secret Identifier, you see a URI that you can now use with applications to access the secret. Remember, only authorized applications can access this secret.

3. Select Show Secret Value.
 
A screenshot of the Azure portal showing the secret value in the key vault.
![alt text]
(https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/azure-fundamentals/protect-against-security-threats-azure/media/5-portal-secret-value.png)

4. From the Cloud Shell pane to the side of the screen, run this command.
 	Note
	If you're not familiar with the Azure CLI, just follow along.

Azure CLI

	Copy
	az keyvault secret show \
  	--name MyPassword \
  	--vault-name $(az keyvault list --query [0].name --output tsv) \
  	--query value \
  	--output tsv

You see the password in the output.

Output

	Copy
	hVFkk96


Good work! At this point, you have a key vault that contains a password secret that's securely stored for use with your applications.


Clean up

The sandbox automatically cleans up your resources when you're finished with this module.

When you're working in your own subscription, it's a good idea at the end of a project to identify whether you still need the resources you created. Resources left running can cost you money. You can delete resources individually or delete the resource group to delete the entire set of resources.


Next unit: Host your Azure virtual machines on dedicated physical servers by using Azure Dedicated Host

Continue
