https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/modules/host-domain-azure-dns/7-summary

**Summary**

2 minutes

Your company recently bought the custom domain name wideworldimporters.com from a third-party domain name registrar. The domain name is for a new website your organization plans to launch. You need a hosting service for DNS domains. This hosting service would resolve the wideworldimporters.com domain to the IP address of your Azure-based web server.

Your company wanted to manage all their infrastructure and related domain name information in one place. You've seen how easy it was to manage DNS information by using an Azure DNS zone. First, you created an Azure DNS zone, and then you updated the NS records at your domain registrar to point at it.


You learned the uses of the different record sets, A, AAAA, CNAME, NS, and SOA. You also learned how you could use Azure aliases to override the static A/AAAA/CNAME record to provide a dynamic reference to your resources. Using an Azure DNS zone improved your company's administration of resources, because your staff only needed one place to manage DNS-related tasks.
The Azure DNS zone allows better control and integration with your Azure resources. It's possible to achieve some of the more basic record set functions by using the domain registrar's management console. However, linking to any of your Azure resources becomes difficult or impossible without a high degree of complex redirection.
By using an Azure DNS zone to host your domain, your organization benefits by having all the resources managed through a single, common interface. This includes better integration with existing Azure resources, improved security, and monitoring tools.

**Clean up**

The sandbox automatically cleans up your resources when you're finished with this module.

When you're working in your own subscription, it's a good idea at the end of a project to identify whether you still need the resources you created. Resources left running can cost you money. You can delete resources individually or delete the resource group to delete the entire set of resources.

**Learn more**
* [Quickstart: Create an Azure private DNS zone by using the Azure portal](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/dns/private-dns-getstarted-portal)
* [Overview of DNS zones and records](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/dns/dns-zones-records)
