https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/modules/connect-vm-with-azure-bastion/7-knowledge-check

**Knowledge check**

3 minutes

Check your knowledge

1. An organization has set up virtual machines (VMs) to act as jumpboxes in each of its six virtual networks. Why should the organization consider using Azure Bastion?

[ ] The organization can eliminate the need to manage its virtual networks.

[ ] The organization can eliminate all of its VM management work.

[X] The organization can simplify the management of its VMs.
* Azure Bastion is a fully managed PaaS service. It provides seamless RDP/SSH access to VMs over the internet without requiring the installation of connection software like Remote Desktop.

2. At what resource level or scope does an Azure Bastion connection apply to?

[ ] Resource group

[X] Virtual network or peered virtual networks
* An Azure Bastion host supports RDP and SSH connections for VMs within the same virtual network or a peered virtual network.
[ ] Subscription


3. You decide to deploy Azure Bastion to an existing virtual network by using the Azure CLI. What resources do you need to create?

[ ] VM, public IP, and Azure Bastion

[ ] Subnet named AzureBastionSubnet and at least one VM

[X]  Subnet named AzureBastionSubnet, public IP, and Azure Bastion
* Create a subnet named AzureBastionSubnet for the virtual network; create a public IP; and then create the Azure Bastion resource with the virtual network and public IP address information.

4. Several of your peers are having trouble connecting to VMs by using Azure Bastion. What isn't likely to cause the problem?

[X] The public IP address of the destination VM
* You connect to internal VMs by using the public IP of Azure Bastion, not a public IP on the destination VM.

[ ] The number of current remote connections

[ ] Network security group rules


5. You want to add an extra layer of security to Azure Bastion. Where can you start?

[ ] Deny all inbound TCP network traffic to the Azure Bastion public IP

[X] Apply role-based access control (RBAC) and the least privilege to use and manage Azure Bastion
* Use Azure RBAC to apply the least privilege to use Azure Bastion. Apply just the reader role on the Azure Bastion resource, on the virtual machine, and on the NIC with the private IP of the virtual machine.

[ ] Remove the reader role on the Azure Bastion resource for all users
